DOC-12089: Fix the JavaScript UDF UI doc (#609)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/createfunction.adoc

:section: external
=== External Functions

> The CREATE FUNCTION statement provides two possible syntaxes for defining an external function: one where the function code is stored in a JavaScript library, and one for creating a {sqlpp} managed JavaScript function.

Reviewer: Please see if this wording works better. 

```suggestion
The CREATE FUNCTION statement provides two possible syntaxes for defining an external function: one that references a function code in a JavaScript library, and one that creates a {sqlpp} managed JavaScript function.
```

[[external-object]]
==== External Object

> [Optional] Use this parameter where the function code is stored in a JavaScript library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Optional] Use this parameter when the function code is stored in a JavaScript library.
```

The name of the JavaScript function that you want to use for the user-defined function.
This parameter is a string and must be wrapped in quotes.

[[external-library]]
==== External Library

> [Optional] Use this parameter where the function code is stored in a JavaScript library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Optional] Use this parameter when the function code is stored in a JavaScript library.
```
